anucarita
=========

Behaviour Driven Development based DSL defined Code generation framework for UI automation testing. It is based on customizable Domain Specific Language. Automation code is generated by converting DSL. 

carita = actions and anu = after or continuously in Sanskrit

####What is goal?

This intend to make the life of the automation engineers easier by separating scripts and underlying code so test engineers to write scripts/cases in DSL not in a programming language. This makes any one can write usecases or test scripts or acceptance cases without knowing the automation tool syntax or coding skill. 

This also gives ability to switch the automation tool or programming language of the automation tool without re writing all scripts. Even two different code files can be generated by modifying the HTML parser.
 
It also makes the debugging lot easier. If there is a false positive, then either script is incorrect or UI locator is changed. It should be fixed in few minutes, not after hours of debugging. 


####What is not?

This is not an attempt to invent complete programming language syntax in DSL. So there is no Syntax for ```for``` or ```if```. Only function call is encouraged such as ```Call This Function``` or ```Call This Function 5 times```. 


####Benefits

1. To write scripts/DSL syntax, there is no need to learn programming or about the automation tool. This makes anyone can write/edit these scripts. 
2. Cases/scripts in HTML format offers visibility. 
3. locators/data can be separated from code which enables data-driven, key-word driven testing.
4. Adding support for any language or any automation tool is easy. Just map the relationship to generate code.
5. Fully customizable.


####How it works

######1. Define the actions in the HTML file. for example 
```
Click This link
Type text in Text field
```

######2. Run the HTML parser to convert this into code. Running the parser will generate two files, one is the code file(now .java) another is locator properties file where id,name,css for 'This link' specified
```
Click("This link")
Type("Text field","text")
```
######3. Fill the locator file
```
This.link=id=someid
Text.field=name=somefield
```
######4. Run the automation code. HTML Parser configured in such wasy that, generated code can be complied and run with out adding anything. 

Take a look at the wiki pages for more info. 

Relationship of how the HTML parser converts this DSL syntax into automation code can be specified or modified. Please see the DSL Conversion Syntax page for more information. 

##Test
